README.md, before:

Mobile Developer - Test
=======================
The purpose of this test is to see how you approach a problem and what your solutions look like. The requirements for this test are simple and should be straightforward to grasp. When implementing a solution, please keep things simple as well. That said:
### Implement an autocompleting travel search form
On the form, the user is required to enter the start and end location and the date of their trip. The start and end location need to be automatically completed using a list of known locations that can be requested through a JSON API invocation. When displaying matches, they should be ordered by distance to the user's current location. Date entry should be facilitated by a date entry widget. A "search" button should be available when the form has been completely filled out. Tapping the "search" button should display a "Search is not yet implemented" message to the user.


![wireframe](wireframe.png?raw=true)



The app should use the position API endpoint that can be found here: `http://api.goeuro.com/api/v2/position/suggest/{locale}/{term}`

##### For example:
 http://api.goeuro.com/api/v2/position/suggest/de/hamburg

Where `{term}` is the string that the user has entered so far.

The endpoint always responds with a JSON object that has a results key. The value for that key is either null or an array of objects. Each object, among other keys, has a *name* and a *geo_positition* key. The *geo_position* key is an object with latitude and longitude fields.
### Your solution
Please implement your solution as an App that we can try out. For Android we need 4.2 + 4.3 compatibility or for iOS 8 compatibility. Also send us the source code to your solution. We use GitHub, so if you put your source code into a GitHub repository, it will make our life easy.


**A clean, well-animated, beautiful UI is very important. Please, let your imagination fly here.**

Commit message:

request information on any 3rd party code used.

README.md, after:

Mobile Developer - Test
=======================
The purpose of this test is to see how you approach a problem and what your solutions look like. The requirements for this test are simple and should be straightforward to grasp. When implementing a solution, please keep things simple as well. That said:
### Implement an autocompleting travel search form
On the form, the user is required to enter the start and end location and the date of their trip. The start and end location need to be automatically completed using a list of known locations that can be requested through a JSON API invocation. When displaying matches, they should be ordered by distance to the user's current location. Date entry should be facilitated by a date entry widget. A "search" button should be available when the form has been completely filled out. Tapping the "search" button should display a "Search is not yet implemented" message to the user.


![wireframe](wireframe.png?raw=true)



The app should use the position API endpoint that can be found here: `http://api.goeuro.com/api/v2/position/suggest/{locale}/{term}`

##### For example:
 http://api.goeuro.com/api/v2/position/suggest/de/hamburg

Where `{term}` is the string that the user has entered so far.

The endpoint always responds with a JSON object that has a results key. The value for that key is either null or an array of objects. Each object, among other keys, has a *name* and a *geo_positition* key. The *geo_position* key is an object with latitude and longitude fields.
### Your solution
Please implement your solution as an App that we can try out. For Android we need 4.2 + 4.3 compatibility or for iOS 8 compatibility. Also send us the source code to your solution. We use GitHub, so if you put your source code into a GitHub repository, it will make our life easy.  
Please provide information for any third party library and tool you are using.


**A clean, well-animated, beautiful UI is very important. Please, let your imagination fly here.**
